This is a web app for reviewing books in two languages (french and english).  Users submit review including a review of how the book is to read in your first language and also how the book is to read in a second language.  This submission method is ungainly and not particularly user friendly and imporoving this is the major outstanding development goal.

One of the main chalenges was building the application with a bilingual ui.  To resolve this problem I wrote a module (html_render.py) that uses in input file name to generate html using jinja templates and inserting values pulled from the files in the copy/ directory.  These files are organized into .key files and .fr.txt files and .en.txt files respectively.  The rendering module pairs the .key file with the appropriate .language file to generate a dictionary of values to insert into the jinja template based on the users selected language.

databases.py provides definitions for object used in the application to interact with user databases and a handfull of defined classes to make managing user info easier. session_manager.py contains several functions for managing language selection within a user session and resuming user sessions after login or account creation.  It also includes a short function for accessing goodreads api. In other words it provides some useful abstraction to make the main app.py module more readable.  The files in static/style/ are pretty self explanatory: sass/ contains sass files and style.css is used to style all pages.

As far as continued development is concerned:  as was previously mentioned, the primary development goal at this time is to improve the user-friendlyness of the review submissions and make the app more useful for finding helpful book reviews for students of a second language.  The site could use a graphical overhaul but that is not a primary goal at this time.
